honourable senators, what happened here last Tuesday? 
A selection committee was formed. 
I attended the committee's first meeting yesterday. 
and I expected the committee to admit that it didn't really know what to do with the independent senators. 
which doesn't worry me that much at the moment. 
the members of the Selection Committee can have a certain impact . 
on the work a senator will undertake over the next two years. 
it's an important committee, since, in principle, these nine senators determine which committee certain senators will sit on. 
I went to yesterday's committee meeting to find that one of the nine senators was absent. 
He had sent a replacement. 
Honourable senators, I won't name anyone. 
so you can see how nice I am, can't you? 
Senators will have to do their own research to find out who was at fault. 
when someone accepts a job, they have to do it. 
the women in the senate proved it. 
they performed their duties much better than the majority of the men in the Senate. 
I remember the sessions held by the Veterans Affairs sub-committee in February 1998. 
Neither the Senate nor the House of Commons was sitting at the time. 
Three Liberal senators attended the committee's deliberations, all of them women. 
the Senate leadership could not find a man to sit on the committee. 
I could quote you, word for word, what the Honourable Senator Carstairs replied to the question I asked him. 
I asked her: “What were the criteria applied? 
she said that she was the first to address the issue of women's representation in a report . 
she had written on parliamentary associations in 1993. 
At the time, delegations were made up entirely of men. 
On this subject, I recall that I was replaced by Senator Finestone for a few years. 
However, I'm still waiting for the opportunity to rejoin my favorite association. 
Honourable Senators, I don't know how or when the House will make a decision on these two reports. 
every time the senators are interviewed on television . 
or questioned by a group of students, journalists or others . 
what do we say? 
it's true, and I believe it. 
however, it should be translated into reality. 
i don't believe in substitution. 
if a senator accepts a position on a committee, he or she should attend all scheduled meetings. 
we're not the kind of members of parliament who are told in the corridors: 
“Present yourself to the committee today and, after two years of study, there will be a final vote in committee. 
they don't even know what they're voting on, but they raise their hands when their leaders raise theirs. 
they have absolutely no idea what has happened. 
honourable senators, the words “continuity” and “dedication” are in vogue in our speeches. 
Over the next two weeks, let's start thinking about how we're going to deal with the situation of the independent senators. 
if we don't, I'll create my own committee of parliamentarians interested in international affairs. 
no one can take that away from us . 
His Honor the President: 
If no other honourable senator wishes to speak, will you please, honourable senators, adopt the motion? 
de les voix : 
in agreement. 
(motion carried, and report adopted.) 