honourable , what happened senators , last Tuesday here ?
committee a for determining qualified was achievement .
yesterday I attended on the first meeting of this committee .
and I expected the committee admits that it does knew too what to do with the senators independent .
this which I do not not strike so about at this time .
the members of the Committee for determining qualified can show some impact .
on the business which reshape a senator within the next two years .
this is a committee important , because , in principle , these nine senators determine to what committee sit some senators .
my therefore introduced in the sitting of a committee that yesterday to realize that one of the nine senators not attend .
he had sent a replacement .
senators honourable , I do name person .
you can see now to how i am friendly , is would it not ?
the senators will have their own research to find that had been fault .
when an individual accepts an work , it must the do .
women who make sit on the Senate have proven .
remplissaient they their duty lot better than the majority of the men in the Senate .
i remember as the sessions that held the subamendment - committee by the former Veterans in February 1998 .
the Senate Ni neither the House of Commons do not sitting in that point .
three senators Liberals saw to proceedings of the committee , everybody is a women .
the officers of the Senate is have could find a man to this committee .
i could cite , word by word , what the hon. senator Carstairs took responded to the question I asked .
i asked him : " Quels were the criteria are as follows ? "
has stated that she it was the first to deal with the question of the representation by the in a report women .
that what it did was drafted on the parliamentary associations in 1993 .
Les to delegations the day were formées only from men .
on this matter , this is I been replaced by Senator for a number of years . Finestone
however , I look still feel the opportunity to re - enter my association preferred .
honourable senators , I do not know not how or when the House will be ruling in regard of these two reports .
every once the senators are verdict on television .
wondered or by a group of students , of or journalists other .
that we do ? saying
it is true , and I will believe .
however , that should be translated in the facts .
i do not think to the replacing .
if a senator accepts an position in the from within a committee , he or is she should participate in all the meetings intended .
we are not of the members which the words in the corridors :
Présentez " - you in the committee today and , after two years of student , there will a vote final in committee '' .
they do not even know what they are viewed , but they sang hand the when their sang leaders to them .
they do not know absolutely not given what has been happening .
senators honourable , the words " continuité " and " dedication '' , come to the way in our speech .
over the next two weeks , beginning to reflect on the way we will address the situation of our senators independent .
if we do the are not , I créerai my own committee of parliamentarians who are concerned about with international affairs .
no one can we are deprives .
Honour his the Speaker :
if any other hon. senator do wishes to speak , you is it the pleasure , honourable senators , to adopt the motion ?
some hon. members :
in agreement .
( motions deemed adopted , and the report is passed )
