honourable senators , what happened here , last Tuesday ? 
a committee of selection was achievement . 
i have attended yesterday on the first meeting of this committee . 
and I me surprised to what the committee admits that it does knew too what to do with the senators independent . 
what will not strike so about at this time . 
the members of the committee for determining qualified can show some impact . 
on the business that reshape a senator within the next two years . 
it is is of a committee important , since , in principle , these nine senators determine to what committee sit some senators . 
my therefore introduced in the sitting of the committee to yesterday to see that a of the nine senators not attend . 
it was sent a replacement . 
honourable senators , I do name person . 
you can see now to how i am friendly , ' t it ? 
the senators will make their own research to find who was on fault . 
when an individual accept an outstanding job , it must the do . 
the women who sit in the Senate have proven . 
they remplissaient their duty much more that the majority of the men in the Senate . 
i remember as the sessions that held the to the committee of veterans in February 1998 . 
Ni the Senate or the House of Commons do sitting at the time . 
three senators Liberals have sat in the proceedings of the committee , all of women . 
the leaders of the Senate could not find a person and sit through that committee . 
i could cite , word by word , it as the hon. senator Carstairs took responded to the question I asked . 
i asked him : " Quels were the criteria are as follows ? " 
it has said that it was the first to address the issue of the representation of women in a report . 
that it had drafted on the parliamentary associations in 1993 . 
Les delegations at the time were formées only from men . 
on this matter , this is I been replaced by Senator Finestone for a number of years . 
however , I look still the opportunity to re - enter my association preferred . 
honourable senators , i do not know how or when the House will a ruling in regard of these two reports . 
every time that the senators are verdict on television . 
or wondered by a group of students , to journalists or other . 
that say we do ? 
it is true , and I will believe . 
however , it should be bring in fact . 
i do not think in the replacing . 
if a senator accept this position in a committee , he or it should participate in all the meetings intended . 
we are not the members which we say in the corridors : 
" Présentez do you to committee today and , after two years of education , there will a vote final in committee '' . 
No valid hypotheses found for the sentence.
they do not know absolutely not what has happened . 
honourable senators , the words " continuité " and " dedication '' , come to the way in our speech . 
in the next two weeks , starting to reflect on the way we will address the situation from senators independent . 
if we do the are not , I créerai my own committee of parliamentarians who are concerned about the world affairs . 
no one can we are gained . 
his Honour the Speaker : 
if any other hon. senator do wishes to speak , you is it the pleasure , honourable senators , to adopt the motion ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motion agreed to , and the report agreed to ) 
