honourable senators , what happened here , last Tuesday ?
a selection committee was achievement .
yesterday I attended on the first meeting of the committee .
and I expected the committee that it does not know what to do with the Senate rise too independent .
i am not so that concern for the time .
the selection committee can show some impact .
over the next two years in the work that undertaking a senator .
it is an important committee , because , in principle , these new Senate committee to determine what sit some senators .
i am therefore presented to the sitting of the committee to yesterday to realize that one of the new Senate was indeed .
it was sent a replacement .
honourable senators , I will name people .
you will see that I am , did he not nice ?
the Senate will have their own research to find that had been fault .
when one accepts an work , it should do this .
the women who are sitting in the Senate have proven .
they have much more that the majority of the men in the Senate remplissaient them .
i remember as the sessions held that the of veterans in February to the committee 1998 .
the House of Commons do here at that stage . or Ni the Senate
they sat in the proceedings of the committee , all three senators of women .
the leadership of the Senate could not find a person to the committee .
i could cite , the answer the question I asked him to speak words , senator Carstairs took .
i asked him : " Quels were the criteria are as follows ? "
she said that it was the first to address the representation of women in a report .
that it was written on the parliamentary associations in 1993 .
shall delegations at the time was only from formées men .
in that I would like to point out that I have been replaced by Senator Finestone for a number of years .
however , I want the opportunity to look back my association preferred .
i do not know how when the decision about these two reports will be no Senate and honourable House .
each time that the Senate are verdict on television .
or wondered by a group of students , from journalists or other .
that if we do ?
it is true , I believe it .
however , it should be translated in fact .
i do not believe in the alternative .
if a senator in a committee , he or she should participate in any meetings provided accept this position .
we are not of the House which we say in the corridors :
today , after two years of education , there is a final question in committee . " you in the committee Présentez - "
they do not even know what they are viewed , they stand the same when their leaders stand to them .
they do not know no what happened .
the words " and " is the way in our dedication '' , " honourable senators continuité speech .
over the next two weeks , starting to reflect on the way we will deal with the situation of senators independent .
if we do not do that , I who are concerned about the parliamentary committee on my own créerai world affairs .
no one can we will try .
the Honour the Speaker :
if any other hon. Senator wishes to speak , is it the pleasure to adopt the motion , do you , honourable Senate ?
some hon. members :
in agreement .
( motions deemed adopted , the report agreed to )
